i I'm Komachi Yakusu It was introduced before
It is a balloon of the Bauloo hot sand maker , but this
I guy that say single type
Hey there is actually something called double type double besides this single type
Hit today
I'd like to introduce you to there is will you thank you
Yes i understand
It 's right here
The usual air is a loss but I will increase it
Yes It 's here to introduce today
Hot sand maker of Caroo
It is double, let's confirm contents a little soon
Have
This is 4
A manual was included 8
Even then it here is I'm body
It feels like this I think you can see that the middle part is broken
Structurally
Let's compare 8 or a single balloon
Double minutes too Bowrue
Well that salty put If the size is but what is What are you depressed middle of here
Ne
so
Well said
I guess you know what kind of thing should I do?
Of course there is a line in the middle, but it's not only that.
this
What is this?
I'm getting r, but the single Bowruw is really flat .
It's big, but it's good to be close
Does the crust the crust the crust the crust the crust the crust the crust the crust
It is from eh h
And say what it Well at you
Simple, but I also got a to say I or frozen swollen Corde middle
The end
In fact, that single's Woody
Even if baked across sandwiches
I'm not stuck with the edge, but this double is
Oh thick of that mountain Yamazaki fan book like a
Oh I'm in the end come stuck pitch
Well essential singles can be full of internal capacity
Things that are easy to Kobori
I could eat in one bite size 6
Well Now it'd be the difference of bedding such as Taburu to say
It is so well I why that
Also with'm hanging also it well like a bow
That's where you mean
Bubba I'm happy I've got a great number of patties, but I have a little pot moon from myself
The it was in know the two of Wharf
Yeah yeah
Hot Sand Study Group
Hey Hey uncle and the series part a little in the coming of the video you Beuve
If the research of 3 is said to meet Mr. boo boo photo walk enthusiast Oh ー by all means not by all means
By do you think let's introduce a little I appeal
Please enjoy it
It is the dam of Bauerux that we introduced today with yes
And that's more than a single bubble introduced earlier
It might be interesting or funny, so please register here too
Hmm